Update mesh-qs.md (#7953)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/mesh-qs.md

To run your first deployment <Constant name="cloud" /> job, you will need to create a new <Constant name="cloud" /> job.  
1. Click **Deploy** and then **Jobs**. 
2. Click **Create job** and then **Deploy job**.

> 3. Select the **Generate docs on run** option. This will hydrate your metadata in dbt Catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the **Generate docs on run** option. This will hydrate your metadata in <Constant name="explorer"/>.
```

<Lightbox src="/img/guides/dbt-mesh/generate_docs_on_run.png" width="75%" title=" Select the 'Generate docs on run' option when configuring your dbt job." />

4. Then, click **Run now** to trigger the job.
<Lightbox src="/img/guides/dbt-mesh/job_run_now.png" width="80%" title="Trigger a job by clicking the 'Run now' button." />

> 5. After the run is complete, navigate to Catalog. You should now see your lineage, tests, and documentation coming through successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. After the run is complete, navigate to <Constant name="explorer"/>. You should now see your lineage, tests, and documentation coming through successfully.
```
